I
hey i'm cory i work in kona one of the
sales guys and talk about some of the
changes we made to the bikes this year
all our dog bikes this year there are
five and five inch travel bikes they're
still scandium we've got scandium frames
now we drop the top tube for a lot more
stand over clearance which with a fair
amount of travel is a handy thing to
have they get lighter also now that five
inches is getting to be more of a
cross-country type style of bike we have
spect more cross-country oriented
components and less out of bounds style
components this is becoming the
cross-country bike because people had
get more and more travel and do more of
the all-mountain style writing this is
your do it all bike all our Stinky's
this year go to single calm Forks to
save a little bite weight and make the
bikes a little bit more maneuverable so
you're going to see that throughout the
line and our top end sneaky over here
the stinky air has air shops too so
we're going to save even more weight and
you get a three paint job for the deal
to take a look at our downhill bike this
is Fabien Burrell's special edition bite
with all the world champs striping on it
all the staff Supremes we sell this year
are going to look like this one and not
like the one in the catalog so we do
have his edition bike with saddle
special fork decals and decals on the
frame same frame design as we had last
year on the stab though so no major
changes there and this is still an early
prototype so the finished product is not
going to look like this it's adjustable
travel on the fly so you don't have to
stop and flick any lovers as pedaling
changes and angles changes on the trail
this goes from 6.1 inch travel bike to a
seven point four inch travel bike so
this is really your do it all free ride
all mountain bicycle depending on how
heavy-duty you want to be a hey 89 it's
also scandium save you wait this one's
2,500 bucks it's got the revo on it
raceface components three and a half
inches of travel cowan this year we got
a special edition paint job for Cowan
same guy that's doing the bass and the
Burrell stab supreme this his specific
bike same one is in the catalog but this
is how it's going to come the chainstays
the saddle specific decals from
marzocchi on the fork so it's a new just
a new look for us something that was
time to do it looks really cool we're
pretty excited about this one Paul
baskets a bike too it's his dual
suspension dirt jumper so on the tricks
where they're doing the bigger jumps and
they've got the landings where they're a
little more possible to land flat they
definitely are into the dual suspension
you see it a lot in the New World
Disorder videos he's got his own
signature saddle on it it does have the
sliding dropouts again if the dirt
jumpers are wanting to run it as a
single speed
you've got it right there and it's got a
concentric bottom bracket so as it
pivots you're not going to lose any
chain tension and we did this in the
past with the are our single speed dual
suspension which I rode for quite a
while really cool bike you never lose
any chain tension and it's still a
really efficient machine so there are a
lot of fun to ride this one's just got
the dirt jumper set up an angle so it's
great for hitting the park on it this
year we have a full clothing line we
brought in a gal that's rocking it we
got all sorts of different stuff here
with more casual wear a lot of different
hoodies some cool designs nice stuff got
a lot of riding jerseys this year a
bunch of different freeride stuff
including some short sleeve full-on
riding jackets ready to hit Whistler in
the spring with like rough for the
racers wool great for us in the Pacific
Northwest full women's line a whole
bunch of gloves we've all been writing
in testing the gloves everybody's really
happy with them some cool styles just a
bunch of different clothing where we got
high hats and beanies over here check it
out on the web page there's a lot of
info on it and should all be in stores
here starting right now so go check it
out thanks guys